Adds maliput backend section. (#146)
maliput/maliput_documentation: docs/maliput_backends.rst

   :widths: 25 25
   :header-rows: 1
   :align: left

   * - Maliput Backend
     - Underlying Road Format
   * - `maliput_malidrive <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_malidrive>`__
     - OpenDRIVE
   * - `maliput_osm <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_osm>`__
     - Lanelet2 (OSM-based)
   * - `maliput_multilane <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_multilane>`__
     - Custom
   * - `maliput_dragway <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_dragway>`__
     - Custom

maliput_malidrive
-----------------

`maliput_malidrive <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_malidrive>`_ is a backend that implements the `maliput` API for road networks which are described by the `OpenDRIVE` specification.
The package provides several OpenDRIVE maps (`maliput_malidrive/resources <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_malidrive/tree/main/resources>`_) as example, however any other OpenDRIVE map can be used.

The `XODR parser <src/maliput_malidrive/xodr/README.md>`_ is a standalone library that is used by `maliput_malidrive` to parse OpenDRIVE maps.
For more information about the XODR parser, see the `XODR parser README <src/maliput_malidrive/xodr/README.md>`_.

Some characteristics:

>   * Supports a large subset of the OpenDRIVE(v1.5) specification.

Reviewer: See if you can drop a link that goes directly to the list of features it supports.

Author: Done

.. _maliput_backends_label:

Maliput Backends
================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
    :depth: 2

`maliput` API is designed to be backend-agnostic. This means that per sei it does not provide a
road format. Instead, it provides a set of interfaces that a backend must implement, so the backend's underlying format is

> hidden from the user.

Author: Partially agree, specially oon not to duplicate definitions. However, it is probably the first part where we explicitly say: "it does not provide a road format" or it is defined by the backend. I'd like to at least point to the docs where that info is stated, in case you found this several times please let me know where to point it to.

> hidden from the user.

Reviewer 2: I think the definition is implicitly suggesting that you don't comply with any specification. The fact that you have multiple backends tells more about it in a more consistent manner.
Anyway, let's move forward with it. It was just a suggestion.

The following backends are currently available:

.. list-table:: Maliput Backends
   :widths: 25 25
   :header-rows: 1
   :align: left

   * - Maliput Backend
     - Underlying Road Format
   * - `maliput_malidrive <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_malidrive>`__
     - OpenDRIVE
   * - `maliput_osm <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_osm>`__
     - Lanelet2 (OSM-based)
   * - `maliput_multilane <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_multilane>`__
     - Custom
   * - `maliput_dragway <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_dragway>`__
     - Custom

maliput_malidrive
-----------------

`maliput_malidrive <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_malidrive>`_ is a backend that implements the `maliput` API on top of the `OpenDRIVE` road format.

> The package provides several OpenDRIVE maps (`maliput_malidrive/resources <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_malidrive/tree/main/resources>`_) as example however any other OpenDRIVE map can be used.

Author: Done!

The `XODR parser <src/maliput_malidrive/xodr/README.md>`_ is a standalone library that is used by `maliput_malidrive` to parse OpenDRIVE maps.
For more information about the XODR parser, see the `XODR parser README <src/maliput_malidrive/xodr/README.md>`_.

Some characteristics:
  * Supports a large subset of the OpenDRIVE(v1.5) specification.
  * Lane Geometry can compose:
      * Ground geometry: line and constant curvature arc.
          * Supports piecewise defined geometries.
      * Lane width: cubic polynomials.
      * Elevations: cubic polynomials.
      * Superelevations: cubic polynomials.

.. raw:: html

    <video controls width="600" autoplay loop>
        <source src="gallery/town07.webm" type="video/webm">

        Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
    </video>

Used map: `Town07.xodr <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_malidrive/blob/main/resources/Town07.xodr>`_

.. note::
  See :ref:`gallery_label` section for more videos.

maliput_osm
-----------

> `maliput_osm <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_osm>`_ is a backend that implements the `maliput` API on top of the `Lanelet2` road format. This format is also 

Author: Done!

based on OpenStreetMap (OSM) data.

> The package provides several OSM maps (`maliput_osm/resources <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_osm/tree/main/resources/osm>`_) as example however any other OSM map can be used.

Author: Done!

Some characteristics:
  * Supports a large subset of the OSM specification.
  * Lanes are described by a collection of polylines that are linearly interpolated.

maliput_multilane
-----------------

`maliput_multilane <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_multilane>`_ is a backend that implements the `maliput` API on top of a custom road format
using YAML files. This backend is used for testing purposes only and it is an example of how to implement a backend with a really good support for a vast number of road geometries where the lane width remains constant.

Some characteristics:
  * Custom YAML specification for defining roads.
  * Lane Geometry can compose:
      * Ground geometry: line and constant curvature arc.
      * Lane width: constant.
      * Elevations: cubic polynomials.
      * Superelevations: cubic polynomials.

maliput_dragway
---------------

> `maliput_dragway <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_multilane>`_ is a backend that implements the minimal of the `maliput` API.
> It is used for testing purposes only and it is an example of how to implement a backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`maliput_dragway <https://github.com/maliput/maliput_multilane>`_ is a backend that implements the `maliput` API with the most simple geometry: a flat straight surface on the ground.
It is used for testing purposes only and it is an example of how to implement a backend.
```

Author: Done
